[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam
my name is Pam dinner I love sharing a
little dose of b2b digital content
marketing and sales enablement seven
minutes at a time many people download
in my ebook a quick and easy framework
for marketers to enable their sales team
I usually follow up with a personalized
email to thank them for downloading the
e-book I also ask them to send me any
questions they may have after reading
that book weather is related to the
e-book or other marketing topics I
always encourage people to reach out and
send me their marketing questions if you
listen to my podcast our regular basis
you know what I'm talking about one of
the ebook readers rubber has a rather
unique last name so I look him up on
LinkedIn he is a managing director for
an engineering company in the UK his
company does mechanical engineering
designs material science and analytical
verification and testing for different
industries such as automotive aerospace
and more very cool stuff so when I send
out personalized email I also mentioned
that I like his website a lot but there
are a couple things from a user
experience perspective I would do
differently and I specify why these
things are and how he could change he
sent an email back to me right away and
said that he appreciated my feedback she
told me that they had some issues with
the main page and order of data that
should be displayed it seems to be
dependent on the weather
well that kind of make me laugh he also
said that a company has little
experience in b2b marketing he feels
that he has a lot to learn but has
started to invest time in a CI M system
and is slowly building their network and
a prospect good for you Robert day he
remarked that he's hesitant to send out
email to prospects as he thinks it can
be viewed as trashy and possibly have
the opposite fact and wonder what I
would do and what I would suggest
well Robert
and know exactly how you feel when I
started four years ago I was hesitant to
send out email as well to make it worse
my email style heavily leaned towards
business writing it was professional but
not personable I didn't know how to put
myself out there or more accurately I
was afraid to put myself out there I was
afraid my email or my offerings was not
good enough and people wouldn't like it
I modify my website five times in the
past four years I also continuously
modify my email templates and a writing
approach I'm not saying that I achieved
Nirvana but I feel more comfortable
writing and I write from the point of
view what I think my readers need and I
don't usually send out email unless I
have something to say so here is what I
said to robber in the email investing in
CI M is totally the right things to do
and I did that when I started and I
cordially understand how you feel Robert
I felt the same way when I started four
years ago here's what I suggest you do
about email imagine how you talk to
prospect face-to-face about their
challenges and your suggestions why
would you say to them about your company
and the product then do the same on the
email do you research and homework about
your prospects what are some of their
challenges and pain points what can you
do to help them draft you email base on
what they need and what you can do be
sincere and a succeed star with your
heart that is it really you may not get
it right the first time
just keep working on it don't worry
about being perceived as trashy just be
yourself present your case to the people
you want to help there's always fear and
doubt I get it I still fear that people
won't like my blog post my videos and
the podcasts the truth is there are
always people out there who won't like
your content well they are not your
audience anyway so just do it you'll be
fine you got this
and good luck Robert let me know
two goats we all have to start somewhere
and I did that for years ago and now is
robbers turn again send me a marketing
question you know where to reach me
keep puzzling my friends you can do this
take care
[Music]